[URO] Update NDIS rules (#51)
microsoft/quic-offloads: udp-reassembly-offload.md

## Rules

URO can only be attempted on a batch of packets that meet **all** the following criteria:

- 5-tuple matches
- Payload length is identical for all datagrams, except the last datagram which may be less

> - The checksums on pre-coalesced packets must match.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The checksums on pre-coalesced packets must be correct.
```

Author: Oof. That's what I meant. Thanks!
